Installation Updates (#345)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/install/requirements.md

        SYSTEM_VERSION_COMPAT=1 invenio-cli install
        ```

    - In case that `invenio-cli` (and other commands installed via `pip`) cannot be found after installing, you may have to update your `$PATH` to include the install directory (e.g. `PATH="$PATH:$HOME/.local/bin"` on Linux).

> - [Pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) and [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) (or [asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/) with [asdf-python](https://github.com/danhper/asdf-python)) for managing virtual environments. Note the [requirements](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv/wiki#suggested-build-environment) for both cases!

Reviewer: I think we can skip this paragraph. `pipenv` is a setup.py requirement to `invenio-cli` so it gets installed when invenio-cli is installed. (asdf wouldn't be enough given that invenio-cli uses pipenv under the hood anyway).

### Hardware

We usually run InvenioRDM on machines that have at least 8GB of RAM and at least 4 cores.

### Python virtual environments

Because we want to avoid cluttering the Python packages of the system or user with InvenioRDM dependencies, `invenio-cli` uses virtual environments.
This is done by interacting with `pipenv` behind the scenes, which is listed as a requirement and can simply be installed via `pip`.

> For enabling the use of a different Python version in the virtual environment than the one installed globally, a Python version manager such as `pyenv` (or `asdf` with `asdf-python`) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the use of a different Python version in the virtual environment than the one installed globally, a Python version manager such as `pyenv` (or `asdf` with `asdf-python`) is required.
```

For simplicity, we recommend to go with `pyenv` here.
In some cases, it can be installed via the system's package manager (e.g. `pacman -S pyenv`).
Otherwise, you can find the installation instructions on the [project's GitHub page](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv/#installation) or use their [automatic installer](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-installer) (note the required [dependencies for locally building Python](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv/wiki#suggested-build-environment)).

To make sure that `pyenv` is initialized when your shell starts, you have to add a few lines to your shell configuration file (e.g. `~/.zshrc`, `~/.bashrc`, ...):

```bash
export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv/bin"
export PATH="$PATH:$PYENV_ROOT"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"
eval "$(pyenv virtualenv-init -)"

> ```

Reviewer: I wouldn't include that and just leave it at: "check the pyenv repository". These things change with time and with shells (we don't want to keep-up with their instructions).
